## Fine Print
Sorry if the following sounds harsh, but we aren't messing around.
Unlike other Information Security conferences in Las Vegas that include a lot of non-work activity -- networking, socializing, partying, drinking, pranking, and rampaging -- the DDS Smashup will be all work and only work.  This excludes alcohol and drugs, but also friends, partners, pets, diversionary games or media, etc. Obviously, it also excludes sales and marketing activity by vendors or consultants. 
Also: no "rock stars".  Nobody participates just because they are famous or have a cool reputation.  Nobody participates without doing necessary pre-work. Sponsors can't buy participation slots, either.
All Organizers and all participants are collectively responsible to make this a productive, inclusive event. Because how we treat each other matters and we want everyone to be on the same page, we will have a simple code of conduct. We are creating something new and thus we can't assume that existing set of norms or other Codes of Conduct are sufficient or universally understood.

This will be strenuous work. On-site participation is not appropriate for people who are feeling sick or are in frail health. Through remote/virtual participation, we can probably accommodate anyone who can be productive regardless of health or disability.
We might have a few sociologists or anthropologists documenting our process, including video and interviews.  We'll get signed permission from everyone, with options to opt-out.  Otherwise, nobody will be there to "just watch" or "hangout". 
Like other hackathons, DDS Smashup is not an appropriate venue to explore the outer reaches of free speech and free expression, nor for debates on meta-issues like social justice, value systems, or the validity of the problem statements. Likewise, DDS Smashup is not appropriate for social process work such as discourse critiques, deconstruction, or consciousness raising. These are best done in other venues and settings. 
